You are the one who pays for this cup first.
Because this matter has been owed for a long time.
Why do you owe me?
Now call Bang Dien Group.
Tell them to send someone to you.
Whatever they hit, they chase it away.
Okay, you guys call Bang Dien Group immediately.
I'll see how long you can react.
How dare I call Bang Dien Group?
Isn't that something that has been debunked?
I'd better quickly retreat. It's OK.
Afraid of what?
Being such a husband.
I promised my dad.
In front of my future husband.
Your previous identity
If I call him now
Doesn't he know that I'm violent in front of you?
Have you revealed your identity yet?
If he thinks you're after my money
How can we get married?
That makes sense.
Was I just a little angry?
Great, it's all energy again.
Your complete art of tea
Impossible.
Howl.
I'm not in the mood to talk nonsense with you.
I have sent a message to Bang Dien.
Group of lawyers of the corporation.
Just wait for the lawyer's letter.
Let's go.
Don't run, don't chase anymore.
Into such deep drama.
Um, compensation pending payment in advance actually.
Just leave it alone.
Okay, send the surveillance video to Rett.
Leave the rest to him.
Then prepare a large gift to pay in advance.
Send it to him after signing the order
It seems like these times have been compensated.
I've told you many times.
I just don't hold hands.
If you don't believe it, don't hate his thousand words.
You come here, I will prove it to you.